Update inclusive meeting guidelines (#649)
thoughtbot/guides: working-together/README.md

- Ask for Feedback (What did we do well? What could we have done better? It’ll
  feel weird, do it anyway)

## Remote Meeting Guidelines

We've compiled some guidelines from various sources to help people feel included
and valued during remote meetings that happen over video conferencing software.

- **Time zones:** Consider time zones when scheduling meetings - is the meeting 
    time respectful of everyone's work schedule?
- **Be Courteous::** Be respectful of others on your team.
  - Mute yourself when not talking to minimize background noise.

>   - Ensure everyone on your team can hear and understand you clearly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Confirm that everyone on your team can hear and understand you clearly.
```

I wasn't sure how I would be able to ensure this for everyone else, so I made a suggested change to wording here, what do you think?

Reviewer: I think this change didn't make it in? Am I understanding the intent behind this sentence correctly with my suggestion? I feel like putting the onus on one person to ensure something for others is challenging.

  - Consider calling in if you have an unreliable internet connection.
  - Be understanding of interruptions that may happen with remote work,
    e.g. children, pets, other people who might be sharing space with your teammate.
- **Video Optional:** Everyone has different privacy needs when it comes to video
  conferencing.

>   - Don't require participants to turn their camera on.

Reviewer: ❤️

    all questions are addressed.
  - If you notice someone is being ignored or spoken over, speak up so they have
  the opportunity to share their thoughts.
  - Be mindful of those dialing in by phone, as they might not have access to certain
  software features (e.g. hand raising)
- **Why am I talking?:** Make sure that the thing you're about to say has not
  already been said. Consider if your voice is dominating the conversation.
  - Write down all of your ideas before and/or during the meeting. At the end of the meeting, 
  speak on any ideas that have not already been brought up by others.
  - If you're speaking on something that has been brought up but overlooked, say that you're
  amplifying an under-represented idea and give the idea's originator credit.

[download a double-sided printout]: https://www.dropbox.com/s/2wswgfeivd93vn5/inclusive-meetings.pdf?dl=0

## In-Person Meeting Guidelines

We've compiled some guidelines from various sources to help people feel included
and respected during meetings in person. You can [download a double-sided printout] of
these guides to display in your meeting rooms.

- **Be kind:** Treat each other with respect.

> - **Remote matters:** Listen for and solicit input from remote members so their

Reviewer 2: Should we re-word part of this to include when people join an in-person meeting remotely? Or is that already clear?

Author: Good idea! I didn't find it confusing but it could definitely be clearer. Updated this section a bit.
